feat: Challenge 39 based on filename as encryption key (#1023)
OWASP/wrongsecrets: src/main/resources/explanations/challenge39.adoc

=== Insecure Encryption Key - Part 1

> A developer encrypted a secret using https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard[AES] and stored it's base64 encoded value in a file. The encryption key used was same as the name of the file containing the secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A develope encrypted a secret using https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard[AES] and stored it's base64 encoded value in a file. But where to leave the key? What about just using the filename as the encryption key instead? That way, every secret can have its own key easily! Can you find the secret?
```

> === Insecure Encryption Key - Part 1
> 
> A developer encrypted a secret using https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard[AES] and stored it's base64 encoded value in a file. But where to leave the key? What about just using the filename as the encryption key instead? That way, every secret can have its own key easily! Can you find the secret?
> 
> The challenge file is called https://github.com/OWASP/wrongsecrets/tree/master/src/main/resources/executables/secrchallenge.md[secrchallenge.md] and can be found in the https://github.com/OWASP/wrongsecrets/tree/master/src/main/resources/executables[executables folder].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Insecure Encryption Key - Part 1

A developer encrypted a secret using https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard[AES] and stored its base64 encoded value in a file. But where to leave the key? What about just using the filename as the encryption key instead? That way, every secret can have its own key easily! Can you find the secret?

The challenge file is called https://github.com/OWASP/wrongsecrets/tree/master/src/main/resources/executables/secrchallenge.md[secrchallenge.md] and can be found in the https://github.com/OWASP/wrongsecrets/tree/master/src/main/resources/executables[executables folder].
```
